Across the mountain across the mountain
Across the river across the river
Across the mountain and
range across the river and the ocean
Across all of it and the next
It’s not hard, in this rough jungle
It was me who ran into it, I’m okay
We goin’ higher in the next city
Looking down the buildings, Fly all day
Woah-oh-oh woah-oh-oh woah-oh Higher
I’m going up over there
I’m going to fly higher
Woah-oh-oh woah-oh-oh woah-oh Higher
I’m going up over there
I’m going to fly higher
There’s no way because it’s my first time
I was daring because it’s my first time
That it was my first time
became a weapon
It’s my first time, my first time, all of them
Poison, trap, toadstool you can set them up
I’ll survive in the end, whatever it takes
I know your traps, you set them up
and I stomp on them tougher
There’s only one answer, you just have to open it
It’s not hard, in this rough jungle
It was me who ran into it, I’m okay
We goin’ higher in the next city
Looking down the buildings, Fly all day
Woah-oh-oh woah-oh-oh woah-oh Higher
I’m going up over there
I’m going to fly higher
Woah-oh-oh woah-oh-oh woah-oh Higher
I’m going up over there
I’m going to fly higher
It’s not hard, in this roughk jungle
It was me who ran into it, I’m okay
We goin’ higher in the next city
Looking down the buildings, Fly all day
Lots of thorny vines, need to push down my cuts
But there’s no time to rest
I’m alright, I’m holding on and I keep on going
I just need to look ahead and run
Run through the maze like a beast
I’m avoiding all the familiar paths
Though inexperienced, it’s a new challenge
Imma Bear Grylls anything that blocks my dream I’m going to eat it up
I run, it’s the adventure for my dream
It’s not hard, in this rough jungle
It was me who ran into it, I’m okay
We goin’ higher in the next city
Looking down the buildings, Fly all day
It’s not hard, in this rough jungle
It was me who ran into it, I’m okay
We goin’ higher in the next city
Looking down the buildings, Fly all day
Woah-oh-oh woah-oh-oh woah-oh Higher
I’m going up over there
I’m going to fly higher
Woah-oh-oh woah-oh-oh woah-oh Higher
I’m going up over there
I’m going to fly higher